MathExpressionConverter and MultiMathExpressionConverter (#89)
MicrosoftDocs/CommunityToolkit: docs/maui/converters/index.md

| [`IsStringNullOrWhiteSpaceConverter`](is-string-null-or-whitespace-converter.md) | The `IsStringNullOrWhiteSpaceConverter` is a one way converter that returns a `bool` indicating whether the binding value is null, `string.Empty` or contains whitespace characters only. |
| [`ItemTappedEventArgsConverter`](item-tapped-eventargs-converter.md) | The `ItemTappedEventArgsConverter` is a converter that allows users to extract the Item value from an `ItemTappedEventArgs` object. It can subsequently be used in combination with [EventToCommandBehavior](../behaviors/event-to-command-behavior.md). |
| [`ListToStringConverter`](list-to-string-converter.md) | The `ListToStringConverter` is a one way converter that returns a concatenation of the members of a collection, using the specified separator between each member. |
| [`MathExpressionConverter`](math-expression-converter.md) | The `MathExpressionConverter` is a converter that allows users to perform various math operations. |
| [`MultiConverter`](multi-converter.md) | The `MultiConverter` converts an incoming value using all of the incoming converters in sequence. |

> | [`MultiMathExpressionConverter`](multi-math-expression-converter.md) | The `MultiMathExpressionConverter` is a converter for multiple math e

Reviewer: This one seems to be missing the ending

> | [`MultiMathExpressionConverter`](multi-math-expression-converter.md) | The `MultiMathExpressionConverter` is a converter for multiple math e

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [`MultiMathExpressionConverter`](multi-math-expression-converter.md) | The `MultiMathExpressionConverter` is a converter that allows users to perform various math operations with multiple values through using a `MultiBinding`. |
```
